*** Subtitles created by dylux ***
Security has been tightened
throughout the country.
All borders have been
placed on full alert.
Exit visas have been
suspended for the entire week.
In addition, we have
received assurances
from our undercover
agents in za West
that our actions to date have
gone completely undetected.
All military leaves
have been canceled
and we have doubled the guard
around Dr. Flammond.
And finally, all systems
are in readiness for deployment
of the Polaris Mine.
Just as you ordered,
General Streck.
Well done, Von Horst.
By Sunday, the entire
NATO submarine fleet
will be here on their maneuvers
and completely vulnerable.
Major Crumpler,
what is the progress of
our diversionary plan?
The schedule for the cultural festival
is now complete, Herr General.
And you should be pleased to note
that at your personal request,
the Soviets have agreed to
send their celebrated tenor,
Vladimir Biletnikov.
Well done, Herr Major.
Then everything has gone
according to the plan.
Well, not exactly, mein General.
The American, Leonard Bernstein,
unfortunately has had to cancel.
But they are sending another
performer in his place.
In fact, we have just received
this copy of his most
recent record album.
His name is... Nick Rivers.
I'm sure he will
be quite adequate.
As long as the attention of the world
is firmly fixed on
our cultural festival,
no one will know
what is about to happen.
And once again, Germany will become
united under one rule. Ours!
After Sunday, there will be
no one to stop us!
♪ Skeet surfin' ♪
♪ If everybody had a 12-gauge ♪
♪ And a surfboard too ♪
♪ You'd see 'em shootin' and surfin' ♪
♪ From here to Malibu ♪
♪ Because it's totally bitchin' ♪
♪ Ridin' waves to
blast the pigeons ♪
♪ And it's so neat shooting skeet ♪
♪ While you're riding
on the heavies all day ♪
♪ First wave, don't get tired ♪
♪ Second wave, aim higher ♪
♪ Third wave, pull and fire ♪
♪ Skeet surfin'
It's all right ♪
♪ Waxin' down our surfboards ♪
♪ And loadin' up our traps ♪
♪ Tell the teacher
we're shootin' ♪
♪ We're never comin' back ♪
♪ I've got a gun rack
in my Chevy ♪
♪ For when the surf
and the flak get heavy ♪
♪ And we'll have
fun with our guns ♪
♪ Till our lifeguard
takes our ammo away ♪
♪ First wave, don't get tired ♪
♪ Second wave, aim higher ♪
♪ Third wave, pull and fire ♪
♪ Skeet surfin'
It's all right ♪
♪ First wave, get the knack ♪
♪ Second wave, pull the trap ♪
♪ Third wave, how's that? ♪
♪ Skeet surfin'
It's all right ♪
♪ Sharing sunsets
with my favorite girl ♪
♪ When we shoot the curl
we really shoot the curl ♪
♪ First wave, don't get tired ♪
♪ Second wave, aim higher ♪
♪ Third wave, pull and fire ♪
♪ Skeet surfin'
It's all right ♪
♪ First wave, get the knack ♪
♪ Second wave, pull the trap ♪
♪ Third wave, how's that? ♪
♪ I wish they all
could be double-barrel ♪
♪ Wish they all could
be double-barrel guns ♪
♪ Skeet surfin',
can't you see? ♪
♪ Do you wanna
come along with me? ♪
♪ Skeet surfin',
can't you see? ♪
♪ Do you wanna
come along with me? ♪
♪ Skeet surfin',
it's all right ♪
♪ Little girl
we'll have fun tonight ♪
♪ Skeet surfin',
can't you see? ♪
♪ Do you wanna
come along with me? ♪
♪ Grab your board
and run to your gun ♪
A pen.
A table.
The pen is on the table.
There is sauerkraut in my lederhosen.
Come in.
What did he say?
I think we're at
the East German checkpoint.
Better have our passports ready.
Now remember, Nick,
this is the first time
rock music has ever been
allowed in this country.
So, you're not just a performer,
you're an ambassador
representing America.
And above all, remember,
we've got to play by their rules.
Martin, I've been practicing.
How's this?
What does that mean?
"Is your daughter 18?"
Your papers, please.
Mr. Nick Rivers.
We've been awaiting the arrival
of the famous American singer.
Come here!
Where are they taking him?
They are not taking him anywhere.
Do not let your American curiosity
lead you into trouble, Mr. Rivers.
You are a guest here only because
it serves our purposes.
I suggest that during your stay
it would be wise to
keep to your own affairs.
Good day.
- What the hell did you say to him?
- Nothing.
I just told him I put his name on the
Montgomery Ward mailing list.
I'm sorry. He's just a little
tired from the trip.
Normally, he wouldn't have said...
Your attitude is being noted, Mr. Rivers.
If that was your idea
of being an ambassador,
we're headed for
a lot of trouble.
I want a schnauzer
with my Wiener schnitzel.
Souvenirs, novelties, party tricks.
Do you know any good
white basketball players?
There are no good white basketball
players, my friend.
There was trouble on
the Berlin Express.
They knew I was on that train.
We suspect there is a traitor
somewhere in the Resistance.
We must proceed, nonetheless.
There is too much at stake.
Here, kind sir, smell this flower.
It never fails to amuse at parties.
That's very good.
The Germans are planning something.
Time is running out.
Have you found out where
Dr. Flammond is being kept?
Here. This is one of
our most popular items.
That's very good.
That's very good, ja.
We do not know where they
are keeping Dr. Flammond,
only that they are forcing him
to build a new weapon.
What are my instructions?
Here, here. Try this.
This will make you very popular
at social gatherings.
Go tonight to the ballet.
Here. Use this ticket.
You will meet the leader
of the Resistance,
a man known as "The Torch."
Until then, wait at the Howard Johnson's.
It's on the corner of Der Fuehrer Strasse
and Goebbels Platzen.
Good luck, kind sir,
and God be with you.
Wait.
You dropped your phony dog poo.
What phony dog poo?
Souvenirs, novelties, party tricks.
Driver, why have we stopped here?
This isn't the Howard Johnson's.
Good evening.
A table for two, please.
The name is Rivers.
Ah, yes, Mr. Rivers.
I have it right here.
But I'm afraid we require
a jacket and tie
for the dining room.
If you like, we would be very
happy to provide you with one.
Oh, that would be fine.
Jurgen.
This way, sir.
Ah, General Streck, Comrade Biletnikov.
I have your table ready for you.
Very good, Heinz.
As you know,
Comrade Biletnikov holds a
very high rank in the party.
We wish to afford him every courtesy.
But of course, mein General.
Perhaps Comrade Biletnikov
would be persuaded to
sing for us this evening.
I will take care of it.
Thank you.
Nick, I'm sorry I won't be able
to join you for dinner tonight.
I'm coming down with a sore throat,
so I've decided to turn in early.
Don't forget. You have to
be at the theater at 8:30.
This doesn't help at all.
Don't worry about it, Martin.
Go up to your room
and get some sleep.
- Is there anything you need?
- No, thanks.
I just wanted to make sure you
got those new arrangements.
Oh, yeah.
I got them right here.
Oh, by the way,
I ordered that '84 Ripple Blanc
for you that they recommended.
- It's very good.
- Thanks.
Who do you favor in the
Virginia Slims tournament?
In women's tennis, I always root
against the heterosexual.
Have you heard from Cedric?
Yes, yes. He was just here.
Wait in your hotel room.
He will meet you there.
This letter has to be
in New York by Tuesday.
Now go.
Quickly.
Search this area.
Excuse me. I am sorry, madam,
but this evening is only for guests
of the cultural festival.
Your Ripple Blanc, sir.
I have explained to you...
Jurgen, escort this lady out.
Excuse me, but this lady's with me.
Ah, Mr. Rivers.
A thousand pardons, madam.
After you, my dear.
You're just in time.
You know, I don't think I've ever
seen you looking so lovely.
Thank you. That was
very kind of you.
My pleasure. I was looking
for someone to dance with.
You're an American.
That's right.
My uncle was born in America.
Oh, really.
But he was one of the lucky ones.
He managed to escape in a balloon
during the Jimmy Carter presidency.
I bet he's got a lot
of great stories.
Yes.
He would tell me about all the
large houses and expensive cars,
and how the young people waste
their time watching television
and listening to Rock 'n' Roll music.
What's wrong with television?
Not all television. M.A.S.H. was okay,
and the old Mary Tyler Moore Show.
It just seems like the young people
of America take freedom for granted.
Now, wait a minute.
I don't think you're being fair.
You know, my history class once spent
an entire week in Philadelphia.
Maybe so. You can talk
about freedom all you want,
but still you don't know what it's
like to have to fight for it.
Perhaps my lecture was unwarranted.
I am grateful for what
you did back there.
Well, you know, I think
you'd really like America.
We've got the Liberty Bell,
Disneyland on both coasts.
It's happening.
I'm sorry. I really
don't know any German.
That's all right. I know a little German.
He's sitting over there.
Anything's fine.
Thank you, um...
Hillary.
That's an unusual name.
It's a German name. It means,
"she whose bosoms defy gravity."
Pleased to meet you.
My name is Nick.
Nick? What does that mean?
Oh, nothing. My dad thought
of it while he was shaving.
Oh.
Are you in some kind of
trouble with the police?
Some things are much
better left unsaid.
Like what?
Well, you know,
sometimes when you blow
your nose into a tissue
and you put it in your purse,
then a little while later
you have to reach in there
for your lipstick or something
and your hand gushes into it and...
Okay, you're right.
Some things are better left unsaid.
Thank you very much.
Ladies and gentlemen,
we are fortunate to
have with us tonight
a singer whose great talent
is exceeded only by his
devotion to his country.
He truly has the gift of song,
a golden voice,
- inspired talent...
- Is there something wrong?
...and a charming personality.
I was afraid something
like this might happen.
General Streck of the high command
is a most fervent admirer
and owns a complete
set of his works.
Now, he is a very shy
and gentle man,
but perhaps we could
persuade him to sing for us.
Shall we ask him?
I'd better do what they want.
I promised my manager.
Thank you, sir.
Okay, watch the change
in the second chorus.
Oh, my God.
♪ A-Wop-bop-a-loo-bam
A-lop-bam-boo ♪
♪ Tutti frutti, oh Rudy ♪
♪ A-Wop-bop-a-loo-bam
A-lop-bam-boo ♪
♪ Got a girl named Sue ♪
♪ She knows just what to do ♪
♪ She knows how to love me
Yes, indeed ♪
♪ Oh boy, you don't know
what you do to me ♪
♪ Tutti frutti, oh Rudy ♪
♪ A-Wop-bop-a-loo-bam
A-lop-bam-boo ♪
♪ Got a girl named Daisy ♪
♪ She almost drive me crazy ♪
♪ She rocked me to the East
She rocked me to the West ♪
♪ But she's the girl
that I love best ♪
♪ Tutti frutti, oh Rudy ♪
♪ A-Wop-bop-a-loo-bam
A-lop-bam-boo ♪
Cedric!
Cedric, what have
they done to you?
It was a trap.
They must have known I was staying
at the Howard Johnson's.
But who did this?
Never mind about that.
We've got to rescue your
father before it's too late.
But what are
we going to do?
I was...
...supposed to go
to the ballet tonight,
meet a man called "The Torch."
Thank you.
He's the leader of the Resistance.
He'll help us find your father.
I'll go.
No, you can't go.
It's too dangerous.
But I must.
He'll be tortured.
All right, but be very
careful at the ballet.
Where is the ticket?
In the glove compartment.
Can you reach it from the inside?
How about the other hand?
Oh, no, that's not it.
Let me try.
Here it is.
We've got to get out of here.
We oughta wait for the police.
That was the police!
In here!
Here. We can get out this way.
Wait a minute. First you
can explain a few things.
I'm not sure I can.
I only know I've put
you in great danger.
Please trust me.
You must come with me!
Look, I don't know what
kind of trouble you're in,
but don't worry about me,
I'm a guest of the government.
I can explain everything.
You're mistaken.
They'll put you...
Go while you still can.
They can't do anything to me.
Martin!
Boy, am I glad to see you.
I've been here 20 minutes already.
Nick, I tried everything.
The Embassy, the German government,
the Consulate.
I even talked to the U.N. ambassador.
It's no use.
I just can't bring
my wife to orgasm.
Gee, that's a shame, Martin.
Well, have you tried one of these?
Wow. Well, thanks.
I'll give it a whirl.
Now listen, Martin. I'm getting a
little worried about this place
I don't think they've ever
even heard of a trial.
All I know is after you left the
cafe last night, I met a girl.
Then, later at the ballet,
she's sitting all alone.
Then all of a sudden, I see a guy
who has a gun at her head,
and he's looking like
he's gonna kill her.
And he might have
if I hadn't stepped in.
There's gotta be
someone you can call
that can straighten
this mess out.
I figure they gotta let you out
for your concert Friday night.
They're beaming it live by
satellite to 85 countries.
Now, you just relax. And remember,
there's nothing to worry about.
Amen.
We wish to impress
upon you, Mr. Rivers,
that we have methods of dealing with
those who will not cooperate.
Now for the last time, why did
you attack Sergeant Kruger?
I didn't know who it was.
I just saw him pull a gun on a girl.
Might I remind you, Mr. Rivers,
that the penalty for murder
is death by firing squad.
Let us hope for your sake
that Sgt. Kruger survives.
Ja.
It is the hospital, mein General.
What is the condition of Sgt. Kruger?
Yes. I see.
Well, let me know if there's
any change in his condition.
He's dead.
I'm afraid you leave me
no alternative but to introduce you
to two of my associates.
Bruno is almost blind,
has to operate wholly by touch.
Klaus is a moron who knows only what
he reads in The New York Post.
I believe they never let
a man lose consciousness,
however long they
may work upon him.
You don't scare me.
My manager is on his way right
now to the American consulate.
Do not be so sure, Mr. Rivers.
Evidently, your friend did not realize
that here in East Germany,
we use 220-volt current.
He was found in his hotel room
impaled upon a large
electrical device.
Our surgeons did what they could,
but it took them two hours just
to get the smile off his face.
Perhaps the American
has chosen to reconsider.
Make sure they leave no marks.
Do you know which room the
final chemistry exam is in?
All the exams are over.
Haven't you been to class?
- No!
- But it's the end of the semester.
No. No, I haven't studied.
Oh, no, I'm back in school.
I can't believe
I'm back in school.
Thank God.
Well?
They're still working on him.
He won't break.
They've tried everything.
Do you want me to bring out
the LeRoy Neiman paintings?
No. We cannot risk violating
the Geneva Convention.
We'll break him tomorrow.
Who are you?
What are you doing here?
My name is Nick Rivers.
Who are you?
I am Dr. Paul Flammond.
I am a prisoner here
just like you, my son.
You see, a year ago,
I was close to perfecting
the first magnetic
desalinization process.
So revolutionary, it was
capable of removing the salt
from over 500 million gallons
of seawater a day.
Do you realize what
that could mean
to the starving nations
of the earth?
Wow. They'd have enough salt
to last forever.
Then one night, the secret
police broke into my house,
tore me from my family,
ransacked my laboratory,
and brought me to this dungeon.
That sucks.
For the first time in my life
I am ashamed of being a scientist.
What do you mean?
They are forcing me to
create a horrible weapon.
Can't you refuse?
I wish I could, but they
are holding my daughter.
They'll kill her unless I complete
the Polaris Mine by Sunday.
Sunday?
That's Simchas Torah.
And the day the entire
NATO submarine fleet
passes through the
Straits of Gibraltar.
Is this the Polaris Mine?
Yes. By Sunday, I will be able
to arm it with a nuclear warhead.
How does it work?
It is a magnetic mine.
So powerful, it will attract itself
to submarines miles away.
How about that.
Oh, no!
You must go now. If they
find out you've seen this,
your life will be worth less
than a load of dead rats
in a tampon factory.
Right away!
Von Horst.
Ja, mein General.
The government wishes to avoid
an international incident.
Mr. Rivers must be allowed to
perform his concert tonight.
He's to be executed
this very minute.
It'll have to wait.
Call them at once.
Ja, mein General.
♪ How silly can you get?
Yeah, yeah ♪
Ooh, yeah ♪
♪ I never ever meant to stray
But when she looked at me that way ♪
♪ The night was young and
gay Paree made me forget ♪
♪ I went to Paris in France
I found a little romance ♪
♪ She was a-walkin'
down the boulevard ♪
♪ I know I shoulda been good
I never thought that I would ♪
♪ Be double-crossin', baby
Cross my heart ♪
♪ A little rockin'
and a little wine ♪
♪ Stopped me thinking
about a little valentine ♪
♪ What's a lonely boy to do
She looked so fine ♪
♪ How silly can you get?
Yeah, yeah ♪
Ooh, yeah ♪
♪ I never ever meant to stray
But when she looked at me that way ♪
♪ The night was young and
gay Paree made me forget ♪
♪ How silly can you get?
Yeah, yeah ♪
Ooh, yeah ♪
♪ No more foolin' around,
you bet ♪
♪ How silly can you get? ♪
♪ I can't believe it's true ♪
♪ That I just met a girl like ♪
♪ You ♪
♪ Each night I'm all alone ♪
♪ My heart's an empty home ♪
♪ To see you standing there
would be my only prayer ♪
♪ You set my heart on fire ♪
♪ It's burning with desire ♪
♪ Your touch, your lips,
your soul ♪
♪ You make me lose control
Baby, please ♪
♪ Baby, please
♪ Spend this night with me ♪
♪ I can't believe it's true ♪
♪ I met a girl like you ♪
♪ In Heaven we would be ♪
♪ If you would spend
this night with me ♪
♪ Darling, I'm here to say ♪
♪ I pray there'll come a day ♪
♪ When by my side, you'll stay ♪
♪ When you, you will always be ♪
♪ A love that's true to me ♪
♪ You set my heart on fire ♪
♪ It's burning with desire ♪
♪ Your touch, your lips,
your soul ♪
♪ Mm, you make me lose control
Baby, please ♪
♪ Baby, please
Baby, please, baby, please ♪
♪ Spend this night with me ♪
♪ Oh, baby, baby, please.
Baby, please ♪
Don't you understand
I need you?
I can't live without you.
I'm gonna say something
I've never said before.
I even love ya.
Oh, it's just no use.
I'm beggin' you, darlin'.
I can't face another day
without you.
Oh, honey lamb, I'm afraid.
Don't you understand
I'm losing my very mind?
I gotta have you with me.
I'm in such a complete
anguish without you.
Oh, sugar drawers.
Baby, I'm standin' at
the great abyss of love
and I'm teeterin'.
♪ Baby, please, baby, please ♪
Oh, dumpling, I promise I'll
even be nice to your mama.
♪ Baby, please ♪
♪ Spend this night ♪
♪ With me ♪
♪ Ooh-wah ♪
Those bikes!
That is no excuse.
Search the road again.
They're in the eastern sector.
I want the whole
area sealed off.
Now, there's a used book store
somewhere around here.
The owner is a member
of the Resistance.
- If we can find him...
- Resistance? Wait a minute.
Don't you think it's about time you
told me what this is all about?
I'm sorry. I guess I do
owe you an explanation.
You see, only a year ago
I was teaching a course
in Black History
at the University of Blaupunkt.
And then one night,
I came home to find
that my father had been arrested
by the Secret Police.
I've been trying to
find him ever since.
Wait a minute.
That's Dr. Flammond.
I saw him yesterday
in Flurgendorf Prison.
Flurgendorf Prison?
Is he all right?
Yes, he looks fine.
Thank God he's safe.
We must get this information
to the Resistance.
Maybe they can help us.
Okay, let's go.
There it is.
It's a Swedish bookstore.
That's okay.
Don't feel bad.
It happens to lots of men
the first time.
Just relax.
I'll pour you a drink.
We can always try again
in a couple of hours.
"She said, as she laid down beside
him and caressed his chest."
Can you believe
they print this trash?
Don't worry about it.
You were going to tell me something
about your childhood.
Oh, yes.
When I was just a young girl,
my uncle took me on
a tropical cruise.
But there was a terrible
storm, and the boat sank.
I managed to swim
to a deserted island
with a young boy named Nigel.
Together, we had to learn to survive.
Fortunately, the
ocean provided its bounty
which Nigel would catch every day.
Later, I would forage inland
for fruit and vegetables
from the endless
varieties of trees
and bushes found
all over the island.
Then we busied ourselves,
chopping palm fronds
and lacing them to bamboo
with dried seaweed and snot.
This not only provided us with
a safe haven from the rain
but sheltered us from the
relentless Santa Ana winds,
which would periodically
ravage the island.
The years passed,
and as we grew up
we began to notice strange,
new feelings awakening within us.
There was no one around
to explain this.
We had to learn by ourselves.
Then one day, he went fishing.
That was the last
I ever saw of Nigel.
I spent months by myself
on that island
until I was finally rescued
by a passing ship.
I'll never forget
my feeling of relief.
You can't imagine what it's like
to be separated from your family
at such a young age.
I think I can.
You see, when I was
about six years old,
my mama took me on
a trip to the city.
We went to one of those
big old department stores...
and I got lost.
They tried to page her, but
the P.A. system was on the fritz.
I never saw my mama again.
Some people from
the cosmetics department
fed me a bowl of soup
and some bread.
Days stretched into weeks.
One February, they got
pretty jammed up
during the semiannual
Lincoln's Birthday sale,
and they asked me to help
out in Preteen Maternity.
Then one day I overheard
a conversation in Personnel
about them needing a new
jingle for their radio ad.
So, I picked up my guitar
and I wrote down a tune
that had been mullin' and creepin'
and crawlin' around in my head.
It went something like this...
♪ Are you lonesome tonight? ♪
♪ Is your kitchen a sight? ♪
♪ Is your wardrobe ♪
♪ All run-down and bare? ♪
♪ Is your lipstick all smeared? ♪
♪ Are your stockings not sheer? ♪
♪ Do they make your legs
show all your hair? ♪
♪ Do the tears on your pillow ♪
♪ Roll down as you turn? ♪
♪ Do they short out the blanket ♪
♪ And make the sheets burn? ♪
♪ Is your heart
filled with pain? ♪
♪ Will you come back again? ♪
♪ Shop at Macy's
and love me tonight ♪
Oh, Nick.
Whoa!
All right, this is it.
I must leave you here.
Go now. Quickly!
Is he all right?
He caught a cold the other day.
He's just a little hoarse.
Giddap, Mario. Whoa!
♪ It's been  a hard day's night ♪
♪ And I've been
working like a dog ♪
♪ But when I get
home to you... ♪
Yes?
Is this the potato farm?
Yes. I am Albert Potato.
Who are you?
We were sent by Sven Jorgensen.
Come this way.
What do you want?
We want to see "The Torch."
No one is allowed to see The Torch.
But we have important information
about my father, Dr. Paul Flammond.
We shall see.
Nigel!
Hillary!
It is you.
Oh, my darling Hillary, if only you knew
how I've yearned for this day to come.
Sleepless nights, lonely hours,
hoping, praying that once more
I would be able to gaze into
your ravishing brown eyes.
And who is this I should thank
for bringing you back to me?
Oh, Nigel, this is Nick.
Nick Rivers.
He is a friend.
Forgive us, Mr. Rivers, if we have
been less than hospitable,
but recently we've had reason to
believe that there is a traitor
somewhere in the Resistance.
Du Quois, introduce
the American to the men.
Very well.
This is Chevalier,
Montage,
Detente,
Avant-garde,
and Deja Vu.
Have we not met before, monsieur?
I don't think so.
Over there, Croissant,
Souffle, Escargot,
and Chocolate Mousse.
Now, Mr. Rivers, what is
the news that you bring us?
I've seen Dr. Flammond
in Flurgendorf Prison.
Flurgendorf prison?
He told me the Polaris Mine
will be ready on Sunday.
Sunday?
We'll have to move out tonight.
I'll be back in a moment, my darling.
- Prepare the gear for the jump.
- Arc de Triomphe!
Cordon bleu.
Nick, I want to explain.
- What's there to explain?
- Look, I just want to say that...
Look! I'm not the first guy who fell
in love with a girl he met in a restaurant
who turned out to be the daughter
of a kidnapped scientist,
only to lose her
to a childhood lover
who she'd last seen on
a deserted island
and turned out 15 years later to be
leader of the French underground.
I know. It... It all sounds
like some bad movie.
Forget it.
It'll be better for everyone
if we forget what's happened.
Mr. Rivers, we've arranged
for your safe transportation
across the border tonight.
It's the least we can do
to show our gratitude.
Come, my darling.
Let me show you what I've done
to the fallout shelter.
Do not take it so hard, Nick.
Life is filled with
its little miseries.
Each of us, in his own way,
must learn to deal with adversity
in a mature and adult fashion.
Mind if I have a swig of this?
Go right ahead.
What the hell is this stuff?
Gasoline.
Don't worry, my darling. I'm sure
your friend will get over it.
He seems a good chap, really.
But, Hillary, how wonderful
you've returned to me now,
when I so desperately need you by
my side to fight for the cause.
Our cause.
Oh, Nigel, I am proud of you.
But I'm so confused.
All these years I thought
you were dead.
And by all rights,
I should be.
I floated at sea for days
nearly unconscious.
As luck would have it, I was
picked up by a passing freighter.
Of course, I tried to get them
to come back to save you too,
but it was a foreign ship and
they didn't understand English.
I yelled and screamed, but it only
seemed to excite them all the more.
They took advantage of me in
ways that I cannot describe.
Oh, Nigel.
It must have been awful!
Latrine!
What did you find out, Latrine?
Where are the others?
Oh, we never had a chance.
It was a slaughter.
We must put a stop to these
afternoon football games.
Which direction were
they coming from?
Up the road.
Take cover!
Oh, my God.
They're gonna kill us all.
Here, take this.
Grenade!
We're running out of time.
The plane will not wait for us.
We'll have to make
a break for it.
Rendezvous at the cafe
near the landing field.
Wait.
Nice shooting.
My man!
Good, you've made it.
Now everybody's accounted for.
Here's the plan. We'll be
taking off at 0100 hours.
What about the American?
A truck will drive by here
at exactly midnight.
You will jump on the back
and be driven to the border.
Wait. Nick is the only one who
knows the inside of that prison.
Well, Monsieur Rivers,
it seems that you have become,
how do you say, "indispensable"?
Indispensable.
That's what I thought.
Sorry, fellas. I've done my
time in Flurgendorf Prison.
I got a truck to meet.
Nick, you can ask any price you want,
but you must help us.
Seems as long as I know my way
around that prison,
I'll never be lonely.
Nick, I know how
you feel about me,
but I'm asking you to
put your feelings aside
for something more important.
Do I have to hear again
what a great cause you
and Nigel are fighting for?
But this was your cause, too.
My only cause is my music.
That's exactly what I mean.
Didn't you see the eyes of
those kids at your concert?
Oh, Nick, you must help us.
If not for me,
for the cause of freedom.
Latrine!
A traitor in our midst.
Well done, Latrine.
I see you have dealt
with him appropriately.
Not the bird, you fool!
This is a carrier pigeon
on its way to German headquarters.
Look. A message.
"Resistance planning to free Flammond
"Sunday, 0800 hours."
That means the traitor
is someone at this table.
Excuse me, but aren't
you Nick Rivers,
the American Rock 'n' Roll star?
No, I'm not.
But you must be. Won't you
sing us just one song?
I'm sorry. You must have me
confused with somebody else.
I'm Mel Torme.
That was close.
Perhaps a bit too close.
What do you mean?
We have absolutely no proof that
this man is who he claims to be.
And yet we're asking him to lead us
into the most heavily
guarded prison in Germany.
Why, Nigel, that's absurd.
Just a moment, my darling.
We know he came to us
with no credentials.
We know the Germans never knew
the location of our headquarters
until he arrived.
And we know that we've been
infiltrated by a traitor.
Nigel, what are you saying?
How do we know he's not Mel Torme?
Eva, look.
He's at the jukebox.
Ja!
♪ Well, get out on that floor
and hit that rug tonight ♪
♪ We're gonna shake that rug
till the early, early light ♪
♪ I said romp and stomp and
slide like a devil on a thread ♪
♪ Yeah, I said romp and stomp ♪
♪ And slide like
a devil on a thread ♪
♪ Well, stand back, baby,
I believe I'm gonna fray my edge ♪
♪ You gotta straighten the rug ♪
♪ Yeah, straighten the rug ♪
♪ You gotta give it a push ♪
♪ Yeah, give it a shove ♪
♪ Well, rug cuttin', honey
Now, baby, won't you give it a tug ♪
♪ You better watch the mean
old rug don't bite you back ♪
♪ You better watch that mean
♪ Yeah, I'm tellin' you, baby,
it ain't no backdoor mat ♪
♪ You gotta straighten the rug ♪
♪ Yeah, straighten it out ♪
♪ You gotta give it a shove ♪
♪ Yeah, scream and shout ♪
♪ Well, rug cuttin', honey,
you know what I'm talkin' about ♪
come on, let's straighten it out ♪
♪ And there's nobody ♪
♪ I'd rather straighten it with ♪
♪ Than you ♪
This is not Mel Torme.
Oh, Nick.
Yes?
We don't know what's going
to happen down there.
This may be the last time
I'll see you
and there's something
I wanted to say.
You don't have to say anything.
But I want to.
You must know that when we
were together last night
I had no idea that
Nigel was still alive.
And now that you know?
Nick, his work is
so important to him.
I must stay with him.
He pleaded with me
not to leave.
I just hope you realize
that's all he means to me.
Oh, I don't know what's
right any longer.
I only wish I didn't
love you so much!
I've spotted the herd.
They're the key to the whole plan.
Now, we're here.
Every morning at 7:15,
the prison guards bring the cows
from here, up this road
towards the prison
for their morning milking.
Du Quois and I will merge
with the herd here,
and sneak in through the gate
and the electrified fence.
Then we'll break away
from the other cows
and enter the generator
building here.
At exactly 7:25
we cut the power.
Then the rest of you
come through here,
scale this wall, and Nick can
lead you to Flammond's cell.
Meanwhile, Hillary will steal
this truck by the railway crossing
and pick us up back here.
Then we'll drive to the landing field
and the waiting plane.
Let's go.
No, you take the head.
I'm taking the back.
- But the plan was...
- Forget the plan.
I'm giving the orders here.
Now shut up and give me the back half.
All right.
Be an asshole.
Here they come.
Okay, let's move out.
All right, let's go.
Double time.
We only have five minutes
to get to the circuit box
and throw the switch.
We've got to hurry.
Can you see the gate?
- Yes. It's just ahead.
- Where are the guards?
I can only see one.
- Ow!
- Ja, there, girl! Move along!
Stay behind the guards.
Once we get around this corner,
we'll break away
from the herd.
Okay, now!
I think we did it.
Can you see the generator?
Yes, it's over there
behind the feed bin.
All right, let's go.
But we've got to hurry.
Mon dieu!
Nigel?
You okay?
- Oh, yeah.
- Let's go!
What's the hurry?
Why are we always in
such a bloody rush?
I just wanted to
stop to take a... rest.
Shh!
The guards have passed.
All right. How long
till they cut the power?
Three more minutes
and we can cut the wire.
There it is.
Lovely.
You're all right now.
I'm here.
Yeah, it's all right.
Ow!
Hey.
Here, here.
Viva la France!
Nigel, what are you doing?
Never you mind.
Why do you want to go
back to the meter shed?
We're going to turn
the power back on.
But that will set off the alarm.
The others will be trapped.
I refuse.
Oh?
This gun in your back says you won't.
Now, move!
So, it is you
who is a traitor.
Don't take it too badly, old boy.
You're no more of a fool
than the others.
Now, get over there
and pull that...
Ohhhhh!
Dr. Flammond!
- Nick!
- Come on, we're taking you out of here.
But my daughter.
Don't worry, Hillary's safe.
She's with us.
Thank God.
But how ironic. Another day and
I would have completed my tunnel.
Nice work.
Nigel!
- Very clever, my darling.
- Nigel!
You seem to have put the
pieces together very nicely,
but unfortunately
it's too late for you
and the others.
But, Nigel, how could you?
Oh, it wasn't very difficult.
I suppose I could have returned to
rescue you from that wretched island,
but it would have meant
leaving my newfound comrades.
Comrades?
Yes. It was a Russian ship.
They taught me all about you,
imperialist swine.
I was exposed to the works
of great thinkers.
Karl Marx, Lenin, L. Ron Hubbard,
Freddie Laker.
Now, get into the truck.
We're going for a ride.
- Something is wrong. Where's the truck?
- Where's Hillary?
- I'm hungry.
- Du Quois!
What happened?
Nigel made me go
back to the meter shed,
ordered me to set off the alarm.
And what does he
want us to do now?
Nothing, you numbskull.
Nigel's a traitor!
Latrine!
What happened?
Nigel took Hillary in truck.
That way.
I cannot leave the country
without my daughter.
I'm going after them.
I'll meet you at the landing field.
Nick, whether you make it back or not,
that plane must take off
with Dr. Flammond at 1800 hours.
We recommend you be there at least
45 minutes before departure,
especially at this time of year.
Good luck, Nick.
Let's go.
Good luck.
You've got to hand it to the Germans.
They make great cars.
Goodbye.
There's no more time.
We've got to take off now.
I will not leave
without my daughter.
Listen, old chap.
In a few minutes, it'll be dawn.
Then we'll be sitting ducks
to their antiaircraft guns.
Wait.
There they are!
Oh, Father, thank God you're safe!
My darling. How I feared
I would never see you again.
I am so proud of you,
my beloved.
Please. There'll be time to talk
on the plane. You'd better hurry.
But I can't go on that plane.
But, Hillary.
No, Father.
I'm needed here.
For as long as a single man
is forced to cower
under the iron fist
of oppression,
as long as a child
cries out in the night
or an actor can be
elected President,
we must continue the struggle.
No, Hillary.
It is much too dangerous
for you in Germany now.
Yes. Go with Nick.
Don't worry about us.
We will hear his music
on the Voice of America.
We will hear it in
the hearts of the people
and in elevators everywhere.
And as long as we do,
we know that we are not alone
in our fight.
They're right, Hillary.
And when we get to America...
Who knows what will be then.
Everything's gonna be fine.
Things change.
People change.
Hairstyles change.
Hillary, I want you to be with me.
Interest rates fluctuate.
Who knows?
Don't you want to come with me?
If you don't, say so now.
Want?
Want.
More than anything!
Take me with you.
Goodbye, Chocolate Mousse.
I'll never forget you.
Goodbye, Du Quois.
Take care of yourself.
Goodbye, Deja Vu.
I'll always remember you.
And I'll miss you
most of all, Scarecrow.
♪ A-Wop-bop-a-loo-bam
A-lop-bam-boo ♪
♪ Tutti frutti, oh Rudy ♪
♪ A-Wop-bop-a-loo-bam
A-lop-bam-boo ♪
♪ Got a girl named Sue ♪
♪ She knows just what to do ♪
♪ She knows how to love me
Yes, indeed ♪
♪ Oh boy, you don't know
what you do to me ♪
♪ Tutti frutti, oh Rudy ♪
♪ Tutti frutti, oh Rudy
♪ A-Wop-bop-a-loo-bam
A-lop-bam-boo ♪
♪ How silly can you get?
Yeah, yeah ♪
Ooh, yeah ♪
♪ I never ever meant to stray
But when she looked at me that way ♪
♪ The night was young and
gay Paree made me forget ♪
♪ I went to Paris in France
I found a little romance ♪
♪ She was a-walkin'
down the boulevard ♪
♪ I know I shoulda been good
I never thought that I would ♪
♪ Be double-crossin', baby
Cross my heart ♪
♪ A little rockin'
and a little wine ♪
♪ Stopped me thinking
about a little valentine ♪
♪ What's a lonely boy to do
She looked so fine ♪
♪ Skeet surfin' ♪
♪ If everybody had a 12-gauge ♪
♪ And a surfboard too ♪
♪ You'd see 'em
shootin' and surfin' ♪
♪ From here to Malibu ♪
♪ Because it's totally bitchin' ♪
♪ Ridin' waves to
blast the pigeons
♪ And it's so neat
shooting skeet ♪
♪ While you're riding
on the heavies all day ♪
♪ First wave, don't get tired ♪
♪ Second wave, aim higher ♪
♪ Third wave, pull and fire ♪
♪ Skeet surfin'
It's all right ♪
♪ First wave, get the knack ♪
♪ Second wave, pull the trap ♪
♪ Third wave, how's that? ♪
♪ I wish they all
could be double-barrel ♪
♪ Wish they all could
be double-barrel guns ♪
♪ Skeet surfin',
can't you see? ♪
♪ Do you wanna
come along with me? ♪
♪ Skeet surfin',
can't you see? ♪
♪ Do you wanna
come along with me? ♪
♪ Skeet surfin',
it's all right ♪
♪ I can't believe it's true ♪
♪ I met a girl like you ♪
♪ In Heaven we would be ♪
♪ If you would spend
this night with me ♪
Darling, I'm here to say
I pray there'll come a day
When by my side you'll stay
And you, you will always be
A love that's true to me
♪ You set my heart on fire ♪
♪ It's burning with desire ♪
♪ Your touch, your lips,
your soul ♪
♪ Ooh, you make me
lose control ♪
♪ Baby, please ♪
♪ Spend this night with me ♪
♪ Spend this night ♪
♪ With me ♪
♪ Ooh-wah ♪